new in theaters this weekend Dumbo what
will you see this is your weekend ticket
[Music]
Dumbo flies onto the big screen this
weekend this live-action remake was
inspired by the original 1941 animated
Disney movie which was originally based
on the novel Dumbo and outcast elephant
with oversized ears is born to a
struggling circus yes something very
rare you have wonder
they soon discovered that his most
embarrassing feature is what allows him
to fly both into the sky and into our
hearts
[Music]
ah this film is directed by Tim Burton
so it's the classic Dumbo story with a
burton-esque dark gothic twist this
movies for you if you loved the original
you're digging the new make classic
Disney movies live-action movement or
you've ever felt self-conscious about
your big ears forget about it
your beautiful that is your weekend
ticket what will you see and check back
next week for Zachary Levi as Shazam
[Music]
you